---
title: Dashlets
section: User Guide
index: 7
---

Dashlets screen is appear in [Home Page, home-page] by tapping search icon {{ "dashboard" | svg_icon }} in the bottom navigation bar. By default there is not dashlet in the panel. To add a dashlet tap on any of **PRESET**, **MODULE** and **CHART**.


## Preset dashlets

Preset filter for commonly used record list by sale rep. Tap **PRESET** button and select preset list to add a preset dashlet in the panel.

{{ "sm-dashlets-preset.gif width466" | screenshot }}

* *Recent* preset show list of any record that is recently view.
* *Upcoming* preset show upcoming activities record for Task, Case, Meeting and Opportunity.
* *Task Due Now* preset list overdue tasks.
* *Tasks To Do* preset list upcoming tasks.
* *Tasks Today* preset list upcoming tasks due today.
* *Meetings Upcoming* preset list upcoming meetings.
* *Meetings History* preset list meetings held.
* *Calls Upcoming* preset list upcoming calls.
* *Calls History* preset list previous calls made.
* *Contacts by lead source* preset show pie chart of contacts by lead source.
* *Sale stage funnel* preset show sale funnel.
* *Tasks status* preset show bar chart by Task status.

## Module dashlets

Module dashlet show list of record with custom filter and ordering.

{{ "sm-dashlet-opp.gif width466" | screenshot }}


## Chart dashlets

Chart dashlet show either of bar, pie or funnel chart.

{{ "sm-chart-dashlet.gif width466" | screenshot }}

## Dashlet management

To hide a dashlet, click on the more menu {{ "more-vert" | svg_icon }} and top Hide. All hided dashlet are appear in **ARCHIVE** list. You can show or delete from the list. To delete an item, swap the item.

