---
title: Home Page
section: User Guide
index: 1
---

You can go to home page by clicking {{ "home" | svg_icon }} button, in drawer side menu, {{ "menu" | svg_icon}}. Like SugarCRM portal home page, it can be configure with dashlets. Home page have two styles, Standard (premium) and Simple. 

## App Style

### Simple App Style

In Simple App Style, dashlets screen is appeared in [Home Page, home-page] by tapping search icon {{ "dashboard" | svg_icon }} in the bottom navigation bar. 

### Standard App Style

The Home page has a bottom navigation bar to quickly access to different screens. These navigation tabs are customizable. By default it has Home, Agenda {{ "today" | svg_icon }}, Search {{ "search" | svg_icon }}, Map {{ "map" | svg_icon }} and Dashlets {{ "dashboard" | svg_icon }} tab. The first tab in the Home page is Module screen.

{{ "sm-one-home-screen.png" | screenshot }}

View more detail about each screen detail in

* {{ "home" | svg_icon }} [Module, module]
* {{ "today" | svg_icon }} [Calendar, agenda]
* {{ "search" | svg_icon }} [Search, searching-crm-data]
* {{ "map" | svg_icon }} [Map, map]
* {{ "dashboard" | svg_icon }} Dashlets

## Dashlet setup

Initially home page only show Calendar (premium feature). Tap {{ "more-horiz" | svg_icon}}, to configure additional dashlets. 

{{ "desktop-dashlet-setup.gif width360" | screenshot }}

### Preset dashlets

Preset filter for commonly used record list by sale rep. Tap **PRESET** button and select preset list to add a preset dashlet in the panel.

{{ "sm-dashlets-preset.gif width466" | screenshot }}

* *Recent* preset show list of any record that is recently view.
* *Upcoming* preset show upcoming activities record for Task, Case, Meeting and Opportunity.
* *Task Due Now* preset list overdue tasks.
* *Tasks To Do* preset list upcoming tasks.
* *Tasks Today* preset list upcoming tasks due today.
* *Meetings Upcoming* preset list upcoming meetings.
* *Meetings History* preset list meetings held.
* *Calls Upcoming* preset list upcoming calls.
* *Calls History* preset list previous calls made.
* *Contacts by lead source* preset show pie chart of contacts by lead source.
* *Sale stage funnel* preset show sale funnel.
* *Tasks status* preset show bar chart by Task status.

### Module dashlets

Module dashlet show list of record with custom filter and ordering.

{{ "sm-dashlet-opp.gif width466" | screenshot }}


### Chart dashlets

Yathit is great for people who prefer visual information too, through built-in chart and graph dashlets. Chart dashlet show either of bar, pie or funnel chart.

{{ "sm-chart-dashlet.gif width466" | screenshot }}

### Dashlet management

To hide a dashlet, click on the more menu {{ "more-vert" | svg_icon }} and top Hide. All hided dashlet are appear in **ARCHIVE** list. You can show or delete from the list. To delete an item, swap the item.



