---
title: Overview
section: Getting Started
index: 2
---

{{ site.product }} gives you access to your CRM data on your smartphone or tablet.

### Home Page

The first screen after login screen is called Home page. You can go to home page by clicking {{ "home" | svg_icon }} button on any Record Page as well.

The Home Page is compose of customizable tab panels with toolbar at the top. Each tab panel is compose of dashlet. Use search button, {{ "magnifying-glass" | svg_icon }} for global search.
 
{{ "sm-home-page.png" | screenshot }}

To customize dashlets, click more menu button, {{ "more-horiz" | svg_icon }}, on the left of the toolbar.

{{ "sm-customize-dashlets.png" | screenshot }}

You can hide, rename the title or edit detail of the dashlet using button sheet menu.

You can add Preset dashlet, Module dashlet with custom query or Chart. Use 'Manage' menu item to hide, show or delete dashlets. You can delete a dashlet only when it is hide. Simply swept the item in the Manage page shown below.

{{ "sm-manage-dashlets.png" | screenshot }}

### Modules

To access all modules, open the drawer by clicking hamburger icon, {{ "menu" | svg_icon }}. Click the name of the modules that you want to access.

{{ "sm-drawer.png" | screenshot }}

The list of modules on the drawer can be customized by clicking CUSTOMIZE button on the drawer at the end of module list.

{{ "sm-customize-browse-modules.png" | screenshot }}

To make visible in the drawer, turn on the switch. Click RESET to reset as default module list.

