---
title: Tools
section: User Guide
index: 32
---

**Tools** menu is available from drawer side menu, {{ "menu" | svg_icon }} from [Home Page]. All tools feature require premium subscription or purchase.

{{ "sm-tools-page.png width360" | screenshot }}

### Map

This is a generic map page and useful if you search records irrespective of any module.

### Scan QR/Barcode

Scan QR code or barcode using phone camera and update to appropriate field of any module record. For using QR/Barcode in inline edit, see [detail here](https://www.yathit.com/sugar-mobile-app/edit-record.html#using-qr--barcode).

### Scan Business Card

Scan business card with your phone camera, the app will extract name, phone number, web link and address and present you to create a new Leads or Contacts record. 

### Voice Note

Record your voice with you phone and save as voice note attachment. 

### Contact Sync

You can import from your Phone Contact to CRM or vice versa.

#### From Phone to CRM

To import contact from your phone, select **Import Phone Contact** in the **Tools** page. On the **Import Phone Contact** page, tap **SELECT** button, which bring up dialog box with list of contact from your phone. 

{{ "sm-import-phone-contact.png width360" | screenshot }}

Select the contacts you want to import to CRM and then top **Import**. Change **Import to module** field to change Contact, Lead or Account module in CRM to be imported.

#### From CRM to Phone

To import from CRM record to phone contact, tap **To Phone Contact** menu item from the overflow menu in the record detail view page as shown below.

{{ "sm-record-detail-overflow-menu.png width360" | screenshot }}
